www.msn.com/en-in/entertainment/	Entertainment
www.msn.com/en-in/sports/	Sports
www.msn.com/en-in/money/	Business
www.msn.com/en-in/lifestyle/	Lifestyle
www.msn.com/en-in/health/	Lifestyle: Health
www.msn.com/en-in/foodanddrink/	Lifestyle: Health: Food
www.msn.com/en-in/travel/	Lifestyle: Travel
www.msn.com/en-in/autos/	Autos	
in.finance.yahoo.com/news/	Business
cricket.yahoo.com/news/	Sports: Cricket
in.style.yahoo.com/	Lifestyle
allaboutcars.yahoo.com/post/	Autos
www.india.com/news/world/	World
www.india.com/news/india/	India
www.india.com/news/cities/	India: City
www.india.com/sports/	Sports
www.india.com/cricket-2/	Sports: Cricket
www.india.com/showbiz/	Entertainment
www.dailypioneer.com/nation/	India: National
www.dailypioneer.com/business	Business
www.dailypioneer.com/world/	World
www.dailypioneer.com/city/	India: City
www.dailypioneer.com/sports/	Sports
indianexpress.com/india/	India
indianexpress.com/article/world/world-news/	World
indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/	Opinions: Columns
indianexpress.com/article/lifestyle/	Lifestyle
indianexpress.com/article/technology/	Sci-Tech
indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/	Entertainment
www.thestatesman.com/news/india/	India
www.thestatesman.com/news/world/	World
www.thestatesman.com/news/sports/	Sports
www.thestatesman.com/news/business/	Business
www.thestatesman.com/news/opinion/	Opinions
www.thestatesman.com/news/life-style/	Lifestyle
www.thestatesman.com/news/delhi/	India: City
www.thestatesman.com/news/bengal/	India: City
www.thestatesman.com/news/odisha/	India: City
www.thestatesman.com/news/features/	Lifestyle
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/	India
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/	World
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/	Business
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/tech/	Sci-Tech
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/sports/	Sports
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/	Entertainment
timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/	Lifestyle
www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/	India
www.deccanchronicle.com/south	India
www.deccanchronicle.com/world	World
www.deccanchronicle.com/entertainment	Entertainment
www.deccanchronicle.com/sports	Sports
www.deccanchronicle.com/business	Business
www.deccanchronicle.com/technology	Sci-Tech
www.deccanchronicle.com/lifestyle	Lifestyle
www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/	India
www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/	World
www.hindustantimes.com/us-presidential-election/	India: National
www.hindustantimes.com/editorials/	Opinions: Editorial
www.hindustantimes.com/analysis/	Opinions
www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/	Sports: Cricket
www.hindustantimes.com/football/	Sports: Football
www.hindustantimes.com/olympics/	Sports: Others
www.hindustantimes.com/tennis/	Sports: Tennis
www.hindustantimes.com/other-sports/	Sports: Others
www.hindustantimes.com/hollywood/	Entertainment
www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/	Entertainment
www.hindustantimes.com/tv/	Entertainment
www.hindustantimes.com/music/	Entertainment	
www.hindustantimes.com/health-and-fitness/	Lifestyle: Health
www.hindustantimes.com/art-and-culture/	Lifestyle: Art & Culture
www.hindustantimes.com/sex-and-relationships/	Lifestyle: Relationships
www.hindustantimes.com/fashion-and-trends/	Lifestyle: Fashion & Beauty
www.hindustantimes.com/travel/	Lifestyle: Travel
www.hindustantimes.com/books/	Lifestyle: Books
www.hindustantimes.com/tech/	Sci-Tech
www.hindustantimes.com/business-news/	Business
www.hindustantimes.com/autos/	Autos
indianexpress.com/article/india/india-news-india/	India
indianexpress.com/article/world/world-news/	World
indianexpress.com/article/opinion/	Opinions
indianexpress.com/article/sports/	Sports
indianexpress.com/sports/	Sports
indianexpress.com/article/entertainment/	Entertainment
indianexpress.com/article/lifestyle/	Lifestyle
indianexpress.com/article/technology/	Sci-Tech
www.rediff.com/business/	Business
www.rediff.com/sports/report/	Sports
www.rediff.com/cricket/report/	Sports: Cricket
zeenews.india.com/news/india/	India
zeenews.india.com/news/world/	World
zeenews.india.com/news/americas/	World
zeenews.india.com/news/africa/	World
zeenews.india.com/news/australia-oceania/	World
zeenews.india.com/news/europe/	World
zeenews.india.com/news/asia/	World
zeenews.india.com/business/news/finance/	Business
zeenews.india.com/business/news/economy/	Business
zeenews.india.com/business/news/companies/	Business
zeenews.india.com/business/realestate/	Business
zeenews.india.com/business/automobiles/	Autos
zeenews.india.com/business/gadgets/gadgets-news/	Sci-Tech: Gadgets	
zeenews.india.com/news/internet-social-media/	Sci-Tech: Internet: Social Media
zeenews.india.com/news/space/	Sci-Tech: Science
zeenews.india.com/news/science/	Sci-Tech: Science
zeenews.india.com/sports/	Sports
zeenews.india.com/entertainment/	Entertainment
zeenews.india.com/health/	Lifestyle: Health
www.financialexpress.com/markets/	Business: Markets
www.financialexpress.com/companies/	Business: Companies
www.financialexpress.com/economy/	Business: Economy & Finance
www.financialexpress.com/industry/companies/	Business: Companies
www.financialexpress.com/industry/tech/	Sci-Tech
www.financialexpress.com/industry/banking-finance/	Business
www.financialexpress.com/india-news/	India
www.financialexpress.com/auto/	Autos
www.financialexpress.com/industry/	Business	
www.financialexpress.com/fe-columnist/	politics
www.telegraph.co.uk/cricket/	Sports: Cricket
www.telegraph.co.uk/rugby-union/	Sports: Others
www.telegraph.co.uk/football/	Sports: Football
www.telegraph.co.uk/formula-1/	Sports: F1
www.telegraph.co.uk/golf/	sports: Others
www.telegraph.co.uk/cycling/	Sports: Others
www.telegraph.co.uk/tennis/	Sports: Tennis
www.telegraph.co.uk/boxing/	Sports: Others
www.telegraph.co.uk/olympics/	Sports: Others
www.telegraph.co.uk/business/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/personal-banking/	Business: Personal Finance
www.telegraph.co.uk/money/consumer-affairs/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/investing/funds/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/money/special-reports/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/investing/news/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/pensions-retirement/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/money/ask-a-money-expert/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/money/fame-fortune/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/money/jessica-investigates/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/insurance/travel/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/tax/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/money/transferwise/	Business
www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/	Opinions
www.telegraph.co.uk/science-technology/	Sci-Tech
www.telegraph.co.uk/science/	Sci-Tech: Science
www.telegraph.co.uk/books/	Lifestyle: Books
www.telegraph.co.uk/on-demand/	health
www.telegraph.co.uk/tv/	Entertainment: TV
www.telegraph.co.uk/films/	Entertainment: Movie
www.telegraph.co.uk/food-and-drink/	Lifestyle: Health
www.telegraph.co.uk/fashion/	Lifestyle: Fashion & Beauty
www.telegraph.co.uk/women/life/	Lifestyle
www.telegraph.co.uk/interiors/	Lifestyle
www.telegraph.co.uk/gardening/	Lifestyle
www.livemint.com/companies/	Business	
www.livemint.com/Industry/	Business
www.livemint.com/Opinion/	Opinions
www.livemint.com/Money/	Business
www.livemint.com/Politics/	India
www.livemint.com/Consumer/	Business
www.newindianexpress.com/nation/	India: National
www.newindianexpress.com/world/	World
www.newindianexpress.com/states/	India
www.newindianexpress.com/cities/	India: City
www.newindianexpress.com/business/news/	Business
www.newindianexpress.com/opinion/	Opinions
www.newindianexpress.com/cricket/news/	Sports: Cricket
www.newindianexpress.com/sport/	Sports
www.newindianexpress.com/entertainment/	Entertainment
www.newindianexpress.com/thesundaystandard/	India